Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see 
the bug that was introduced?
A: The FC command helps to concentrate only on the differences between 
two
files putting the old/new versions of the lines that were changed one 
by one. So it's pretty easy to find the bug, at least, while the list
of these changes isn't very long.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make 
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A: Having an access to the entire history of a file will be very helpful
when you are new in a project that started before you join. In this
case you can see the direction of the development, what, when, how
was added and who did it.
From other hand in case you are building something from the very
beginning, this is good to have an opportunity to look back and check what you did and why.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google Docs does?
A: I think that the opportunity of manually choosing when to create a 
commit is a must because a machine doesn't know whenever you complete to
fixing the bug or adding a new feature. So these commits could be
logical incomplete. From other hand you can dive too deep into work and
just forget to make a commit and in this case automatically committing 
will be very helpful.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow
saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs,
treat each file separately?
A: These systems developed to solve different users cases and they
include only the necessary features.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the
history of files?
A: I can use it to find the commit where the necessary changes were made
And how exactly that was made.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make 
changes that could break something?
A: As far it becomes much easier to find and fix the bug with a version
control, I'll feel more free to make some test and non-standard
implementation.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try
using Git for?
A: I want to try to make some changes to the working files and check
how they will be compared.